bpo-34679: Restore instantiation Windows IOCP event loop from non-main thread (#15492)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2019-08-25-18-07-48.bpo-34679.HECzL7.rst

> Restore instantiation Windows IOCP event loop from non-main thread.

Reviewer: Minor grammar nit:
```suggestion
Restores instantiation of Windows IOCP event loops from the non-main thread.
```

I was also thinking that it might be helpful to add brief entry to the [glossary](https://docs.python.org/3.8/glossary.html) for IOCP. Readers unfamiliar with async terminology might not be aware of what the acronym stands for or what it's referring to. This could be done in a separately, in another PR.

```
Input/output completion ports. IOCP is an API used for handling
concurrent asynchronous IO operations by associating each port
object with a variable number of sockets or file descriptors.
```

If we add this in to master and backport it to 3.8 in a separate PR, I can later edit the "What's New" for 3.8 to link to the glossary term with a sphinx role: ``` :term:`IOCP` ```. Let me know what you think.

Author: I agree that adding IOCP to glossary makes sense in general. 
Sorry, don't want to do it here just for change note. The note has a high chance of dropping from release note: there is no python stable release where the regression is present, only 3.8 betas. Maybe I'm wrong, release notes editor should decide.
Anyway, adding IOCP term requires its usage in asyncio docs, not only news record. That's why the term requires a separate PR.

Reviewer: >I agree that adding IOCP to glossary makes sense in general.

> Sorry, don't want to do it here just for change note. The note has a high chance of dropping from release note: there is no python stable release where the regression is present, only 3.8 betas. 

@asvetlov Sounds good, that's why I was thinking of adding the term in a separate PR. I seem to recall the term being used in the docs a couple of times. From a preliminary search of the repository using the one on GitHub, the term comes up around 6 times throughout various areas of asyncio not including news entries (including in code comments and as part of ``IocpProactor``). When I get around to opening the PR for it I'll probably include git grep results for a more thorough count of its usage.
